Update to cirq 0.11 (#23)
iqm-finland/cirq-on-iqm: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
=========

Version 0.5
===========

Features
--------

> * Simplify gate decompositions
> * Update cirq version to 0.11.
> 
> NOTE: Before installing this version, please manually uninstall cirq 0.10. See Cirq 0.11
> release notes for more details: https://github.com/quantumlib/Cirq/releases/tag/v0.11.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Gate decomposition and circuit optimization procedure simplified. :mr:`21`
* Cirq dependency bumped to 0.11.

NOTE: Before installing this version, please manually uninstall Cirq 0.10. See Cirq 0.11
release notes for more details: https://github.com/quantumlib/Cirq/releases/tag/v0.11.0
```
